---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ibm_cloudant Data Source - terraform-provider-ibm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ibm_cloudant (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Resource instance name for example, myobjectstorage

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **location** (String) The location or the environment in which instance exists
- **resource_group_id** (String) The id of the resource group in which the instance is present

### Read-Only

- **capacity** (Number) A number of blocks of throughput units. A block consists of 100 reads/sec, 50 writes/sec, and 5 global queries/sec of provisioned throughput capacity.
- **cors_config** (List of Object) Configuration for CORS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_config))
- **crn** (String) CRN of resource instance
- **enable_cors** (Boolean) Boolean value to turn CORS on and off.
- **extensions** (Map of String) The extended metadata as a map associated with the resource instance.
- **features** (List of String) List of enabled optional features.
- **features_flags** (List of String) List of feature flags.
- **guid** (String) Guid of resource instance
- **include_data_events** (Boolean) Include data event types in events sent to IBM Cloud Activity Tracker with LogDNA for the IBM Cloudant instance. By default only emitted events are of "management" type.
- **plan** (String) The plan type of the instance
- **resource_controller_url** (String) The URL of the IBM Cloud dashboard that can be used to explore and view details about the resource
- **resource_crn** (String) The crn of the resource
- **resource_group_name** (String) The resource group name in which resource is provisioned
- **resource_name** (String) The name of the resource
- **resource_status** (String) The status of the resource
- **service** (String) The service type of the instance
- **status** (String) The resource instance status
- **throughput** (Map of Number) Schema for detailed information about throughput capacity with breakdown by specific throughput requests classes.
- **version** (String) Vendor version.

<a id="nestedatt--cors_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_config`

Read-Only:

- **allow_credentials** (Boolean)
- **origins** (List of String)


