---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ibm_cloudant Resource - terraform-provider-ibm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ibm_cloudant (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **location** (String) The location where the instance available
- **name** (String) A name for the resource instance
- **plan** (String) The plan type of the service

### Optional

- **capacity** (Number) A number of blocks of throughput units. A block consists of 100 reads/sec, 50 writes/sec, and 5 global queries/sec of provisioned throughput capacity.
- **cluster_location** (String) The actual physical location of the Dedicated Hardware plan instance
- **cors_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for CORS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cors_config))
- **enable_cors** (Boolean) Boolean value to turn CORS on and off.
- **environment_crn** (String) CRN of the IBM Cloudant Dedicated Hardware plan instance
- **hipaa** (Boolean) Instance is HIPAA ready in US locations
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **include_data_events** (Boolean) Include data event types in events sent to IBM Cloud Activity Tracker with LogDNA for the IBM Cloudant instance. By default only emitted events are of "management" type.
- **kms_instance_crn** (String) CRN of the Key Protect instance housing the encryption key for BYOK
- **kms_key_crn** (String) CRN of the encryption key that is stored in the Key Protect instance
- **legacy_credentials** (Boolean) Use both legacy credentials and IAM for authentication
- **parameters** (Map of String) Arbitrary parameters to pass. Must be a JSON object
- **resource_group_id** (String) The resource group id
- **service_endpoints** (String) Types of the service endpoints. Possible values are 'public', 'private', 'public-and-private'.
- **tags** (Set of String)
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- **account_id** (String) An alpha-numeric value identifying the account ID.
- **allow_cleanup** (Boolean) A boolean that dictates if the resource instance should be deleted (cleaned up) during the processing of a region instance delete call.
- **created_at** (String) The date when the instance was created.
- **created_by** (String) The subject who created the instance.
- **crn** (String) CRN of resource instance
- **dashboard_url** (String) Dashboard URL to access resource.
- **deleted_at** (String) The date when the instance was deleted.
- **deleted_by** (String) The subject who deleted the instance.
- **extensions** (Map of String) The extended metadata as a map associated with the resource instance.
- **guid** (String) Guid of resource instance
- **last_operation** (Map of String) The status of the last operation requested on the instance
- **locked** (Boolean) A boolean that dictates if the resource instance should be deleted (cleaned up) during the processing of a region instance delete call.
- **plan_history** (List of Object) The plan history of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plan_history))
- **resource_aliases_url** (String) The relative path to the resource aliases for the instance.
- **resource_bindings_url** (String) The relative path to the resource bindings for the instance.
- **resource_controller_url** (String) The URL of the IBM Cloud dashboard that can be used to explore and view details about the resource
- **resource_crn** (String) The crn of the resource
- **resource_group_crn** (String) The long ID (full CRN) of the resource group
- **resource_group_name** (String) The resource group name in which resource is provisioned
- **resource_id** (String) The unique ID of the offering
- **resource_keys_url** (String) The relative path to the resource keys for the instance.
- **resource_name** (String) The name of the resource
- **resource_plan_id** (String) The unique ID of the plan associated with the offering
- **resource_status** (String) The status of the resource
- **restored_at** (String) The date when the instance under reclamation was restored.
- **restored_by** (String) The subject who restored the instance back from reclamation.
- **scheduled_reclaim_at** (String) The date when the instance was scheduled for reclamation.
- **scheduled_reclaim_by** (String) The subject who initiated the instance reclamation.
- **service** (String) The service type of the instance
- **state** (String) The current state of the instance.
- **status** (String) Status of resource instance
- **sub_type** (String) The sub-type of instance, e.g. cfaas .
- **target_crn** (String) The full deployment CRN as defined in the global catalog
- **throughput** (Map of Number) Schema for detailed information about throughput capacity with breakdown by specific throughput requests classes.
- **type** (String) The type of the instance, e.g. service_instance.
- **update_at** (String) The date when the instance was last updated.
- **update_by** (String) The subject who updated the instance.

<a id="nestedblock--cors_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_config`

Required:

- **origins** (List of String) An array of strings that contain allowed origin domains. You have to specify the full URL including the protocol. It is recommended that only the HTTPS protocol is used. Subdomains count as separate domains, so you have to specify all subdomains used.

Optional:

- **allow_credentials** (Boolean) Boolean value to allow authentication credentials. If set to true, browser requests must be done by using withCredentials = true.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)
- **update** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--plan_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan_history`

Read-Only:

- **resource_plan_id** (String)
- **start_date** (String)


